>> Mike North: The next topic we're
going to jump into is classes.
And you're probably familiar with
using classes in regular JavaScript.
TypeScript adds some new concepts
on top of what you're used to.
There is something new we need to
think about in terms of class fields,
and- TypeScript also introduces
the concept of access modifier keywords.
Which allow us to have control
over who can see member data and
member functions on instances.
So let's go to the notes,
to the 4-class-basic.ts file
>> Mike North: So in this example,
you can see a couple things.
The first is that we're using
a new something I've been
calling a heritage clause, right?
Extends is the only thing that we can
use to describe inheriting from another
entity in JavaScript,
that you can say class extends base class.
TypeScript introduces implements, and
that describes a class aligning
with a particular interface.
So HasEmail, we know this type
requires that everything have a name
that's a string and
an email that's a string.
>> Mike North: What this means for
any class that implements this interface,
we have to make sure that these
properties that conform to
that interface are available and
stated upfront.
So, in terms of what this means up here,
this is us
declaring that these member
data fields will exist.
And their type is going to be a string.
Here we're stating that
we accept two parameters
within our constructor,
we accept two parameters.
And down here, we are making sure that we
pass the things our constructor receives
onto the instance, which of course
is this, within the constructor.